### Lab 2
_______

This lab contains code to a three-way quicksort algorithm 

#### How does 3-way quicksort work?
Three way quicksort is, like quicksort, a divide and conquer algorithm.

##### Recall Quicksort:
  * Chooses a pivot (there are many ways to do this)
  * Rearranges all of the values in the list such that:
    1. All of the elements less than the pivot value are to the left of the pivot. 
    2. All of the elements greater than the pivot are to the right of the pivot. 
    3. At the end of the iteration, elements less than the pivot are to the left  
    and elements greater than the pivot are to the right. Note the that the  
    pivot is in its final position.
  * Quicksort then recursively sorts the rest of the list, where:
    * Quicksort "array" generated by elements to the left of the pivot
    * Quicksort "array" generated by elements to the right of the pivot
    * The base cases for this recursive call are arrays of length 0 and 1,  
    since they are already sorted.

##### Three Way Quicksort
  * Chooses two pivot values (p1, p2: p1<p2)
  * Rearrages the values in the list such that
    1. All elements less than p1 are to the left of p1
    2. All elements greater than p1 and less than p2 are to the  
    right of p1 and left of p2
    3. All elements greater than p2 are to the right of p2
    4. At the end of the iteration p1, p2 are in their final positions
  * Quick3 then makes a recursive call on:
    * The part of the array less than p1
    * The part of the array greater than p2
    * The part of the array greater than p1 and less than p2
    * The base cases are the same as quicksort.